
# Lorebook Generator

This repo is designed to help all of us as authors using NovelAI. It pulls from Wikipedia articles to automatically generate lorebooks for real places or years and pretty much anything you could find on Wikipedia using python's wikipedia library.
The repo contains two different versions: a basic one that generates based on a CSV file, 'characters.csv' and a more advanced version that implements multiple keywords for a more tailored search.

# How to Contribute:
Seeking Contributors that are skilled at project organization and formatting. This would be the first step in creating an open-source novel lorebook generator.
If interested, please contact me via discord! I will (of course) give credit where it's due for pull requests and such that are added to the repo. If this goes well, then maybe we can add some more features to the program, like web scraping historical documents or corpora from Project Gutenberg.

# How to use this repo
## Included Files -
- [year_specific_lorebook.py](scripts/01_lorebook_from_year.py)
This script generates a lorebook based on a year. It pulls from Wikipedia articles and generates a lorebook based on the year you input. It also generates a list of characters that are mentioned in the article. This is a good way to get a feel for the program and how it works.

- [Lorebook From Articles](scripts/02_lorebook_from_downloaded_wiki_articles.py)
This script generates a lorebook based on a list of keywords. It pulls from Wikipedia articles and generates a lorebook based on the keywords you input. It also generates a list of characters that are mentioned in the article. This is a good way to get a feel for the program and how it works.

- [characters.csv](characters.csv)

This is a CSV file that contains a list of characters that are mentioned in the lorebook. It is generated by the scripts above and will be originally populated by the author to fit their story.


# Areas we are currently in dev.
- [ ] Working through the notebooks in `notebooks/` to make sure they are up to date with the scripts in `scripts/` and that they are needed.
- [ ] Improving the quality of the generated lorebooks in the following areas:
  - [ ] Parsed Text Extraction Valence Optimization - Currently the text extraction is not perfect. We need to improve the valence of the text extraction to make sure that the text is relevant to the topic being queried. This is a big one.
  - [ ] Integrating sklearn or potentially other libraries to improve the quality of the generated text. (i.e. pytorch, tensorflow, etc.)
  - [ ] Identification of instances in the text where the following pattern exists:
    - [ ] `character one` and `character two` are both mentioned within some distance `d` of each other. This is an interesting method of identifying characters that are related to each other. Proximity could be useful in determining how these topics or characters should be considered.



## Future Development Goals
- [place_specific_lorebook.py](scripts/02_lorebook_from_place.py) - This script will be used to generate lorebooks from a specific place. This will be done by using the wikipedia library to search for a place and then using the first paragraph of the article as the lorebook. This will be done by using the wikipedia library to search for a place and then using the first paragraph of the article as the lorebook.
# Notes on the Git Ignore
Make sure to include the following in your `.gitignore` when you fork this repo:
- /wikipedia_pages
- /master_pages
- .lorebook

This will make sure that your literary work does not get shared along with the code improvements that you discover along the way.


## Authors

- [@grahamwaters](https://www.github.com/grahamwaters)


## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
